This morning I woke up at 6 AM. My mom is not feeling well. She had a fever and headache a few days ago but now the fever is gone but she is having difficulty breathing. We waited a few hours to see if there’s any improvement but as time went by her breathing was getting worse. Around 7:30 AM we called 911 and the ambulance arrived in 5 minutes. The emergency people checked my mom and they said she needs to be admitted to the hospital because her oxygen level is too low. Then we did some paperwork because we can’t go to the hospital. NO VISITORS ARE ALLOWED!!! By 8 AM my mom was taken to the hospital. The moment she reached the hospital we received a call from the hospital. They said they will put my mom on the ventilator. Then around 11 AM, we called the hospital again to see what happened to our mom and we found out that she has water in her lung, and she has pneumonia. 

Today was a very hard day for me because 3 days ago I lost my dad forever. And then 3 days later my mom is admitted into the hospital. My two biggest supporters are going away from me in just a few days. I was sad, worried, and angry. I was sad because I never imagined in a million years that I would lose my dad this quickly. Like when I was writing my last week’s diary I mentioned about making breakfast for my dad. He was fine the day before and the day after he was gone. Very heartbreaking. I’m worried about my mom because I lost my dad and I don’t want to lose my mom now. God knows when my mom will be home with us… I’m angry because this pandemic is stopping me from going to the hospital and seeing my mom. Ever since I was a baby I was always with my mom. I still sleep with my mom. She has her own bedroom but I don’t let her sleep in her room. I make her sleep with me. I was more attached to my mom then I was with my dad and now I won’t even see my mom until she recovers. 

This Pandemic has affected my life negatively and positively. First positively because I was able to spend time with my dad before he was gone. If we were in regular time I would have been in school and busy with my own life. But since we were all stuck at home, we were able to spend time. Thank god we are in isolation because my dad passed away at around 9:20 am, and it was a Wednesday and usually at that time in our English class. I would have missed seeing my dad for the last time. Pandemic affected my life negatively because as I mentioned, I can’t be in the hospital with my mom. Also, it affected my academic life because if there were no pandemic, I would probably go to school and get my work done. But since I’m at home wherever I look it reminds me of my mom and dad. I have so many assignments to do from this class and other classes. I just don’t know how to get started every time I try to do the assignment. I feel restless. I don’t know why. This assignment took me 3 days to complete. Now imagine how I would write 3-4 pages of essays… That’s all Jane. Sorry I couldn’t upload a picture. I was not in the mood of taking pictures.  I hope you and your family are doing fine. Stay safe and Healthy. 